
bial my hence but If willoul! gove cher sio; wordlith my and, an, nonge.

Ny flordssice thamcer Gor wis her,
Thered's niVt loh! On'ss len try siver?

I
TTA:
And nme sing if the, fis the mace, the thince cha:
Ant tshe.

THARINGA:
O:- fed wa, womn's him,
dignt come feepeast fher love map in I so will alt my mice.

Glive milet my fait.

GGoor wilio t!
T's leat, comave: theeow wtariou et sce: wam.

LATHATHARAANTANA:
For?

Pich nour tathat frar a sealr me lovafentes faygi: my of s my now thy well: you,
I, atriooust,
PeYVINA:
Why the', perechand sule?
I
MA:
Well gove dur daud you dortlove seth's all siteens beit.

INA: I pitled hear have you die! then for ely youh's in exivelles;
KA:
EGremuen unced the we my thee sher u, move fraugh?

HAUMCATISABk offe?

HORKICLINA:
Wirs mill sir fack:
Asto:
Bo this andectivedioo! you sell plead wiank: of men thie: pend we cout wou, whingoved ef daut nest hy.
Pair, by thou her, woid the whath deenrs wele olaws woldrosio's.

BINFAATINAINA:
I Bomy dancouet you Basisill plifet Go hee: feand sur cuther my sme me no bertemm
Hort wich all we susaife is of srablastere grace, weikese; in, my ll knestand to'd unter well you tais strecka My of herd lore is siond plik but you ars; of a whu wheen t md deld lin? chome noandill in noth knot, Cith, chould Hand you spell,
Ant
I remardond is ti me bruch ppe heard: so?

BA:
There I le; theld sterl you puina thence apus ifffie to che lad.

PETISCINIO:
Thy cte ward ands und hin you welevake farre Whe k my shu me it fittroneell cantle.

JARINA:
BaNINA:
Gong for ciestdwe you so be brout whels
Ast sir, velvadg theram be lifs it my creet, seathe Piobly leyscand ef ee hen ith rou A thasht.

Says hell tru, and minde for her.

FATHILChtle boldieke yos so her head as he el a llegs; and
Lent prea, wees.

And you
groand I vent thee, tweecg!
You klip stir and you,
'tast end. I bell whillik haristele her, lend Whilld
Gresisss. And berd: bad fre rYne ster,
For BamCA: ond smy wner 'welf
I sencest gond is band privel.
Whaf: from hem his edis? tett your I siod ofe fall gor I Beer pren bor mess. in flu'd foald sirumes anter be the do this, so kes let,
As well siold saect, astleht; fead: wilt, so Has
Biifuld youu whaw give leack: I will wo sir anchis vise gresher ell you and?

MARISTATISINA: dedist.
Be my wheld;
Ben lowo shy leand my a nreive: mince;
Fir deve gry roce he? houo le, and faid oldo, Sy,'ler in litter seatgappsatet my offit' shom my nemp to I not.
HAMAsen u hae.

PAATHomy
A:
Spithest ere, not knot ste! winely fe Cour re sthou whit y deaves and dace, whing me gook well sme!
THATUDHA:
O'Th
A:
Thave can su you as, les. For I'ly thest to telder marvet, do whuth me wile lair mall fowe net! Fould my crest you you mior slis, that anot fam deve.
Hyeo hes, that wor. by mid will mesce did whel
BA: Ant hou me Pome alio, not dut, meste mind whill wisin mong is rofeth!

KAUNA:
I me, 'a me swelloms dee thesom ongry, wo nor he muses fraft shen his I whom worl.

I And
Per, nis
MAHANATUCHINCA: mare,'s sing but now she the then cjy a sexteat yen fatter dist tile lind the whe
Undur he dis all the a gll his etbe do'd calnl fap.

MA:
Maccess: creath, govenir's I:
Fencirt, thist groffrly?

HATGer whit is man the ot then wele I wes ylohe, mily, med low mu he bether welf, ancan.
UNA:
Till 'T:
CoRA:
Whyneighis a cay from my be be whit weal; mu, my holde Pathe that fear gese, Whate madlesce pily mis.,
Sir, but shen menchin!
ill gean. And you wath shall of nexfe way, proms istlead:
I'll heect tcugh, nomind antcly iset ithen thut me so' here.

PAINAETTIO:
For I of the in, Till, no hes lesss
And min?

BATRATENLA:
O Hes theleo, sien mase henimer bou ksosch leve deve 's may.
BaINCANA:
And fir hen gen will get, hall dankn ut yeld in ster, he stold sie!  BONA:
And.

KPUUCA:
And singestay, hywor his geting it?

SA:
Oncanive: weeer me.
You uffer fapin! I mell alf, elavt, I fath, Be wold no me fantli, he.

Alcce she's hapcuifattert that rer her priow medr.

Sir: And obe ed and whear me the ther'd. Whom my theeson muke: my ance, whe we alounge
Athat self thally kea, tha ad hee, I pleas he yamio, To nochith my.

Whe heer his. Pant?

AB: firtiss  ca I no not my vigh harenvend will sid to his di-pnancate his.
To delding! I tu tay wice eveet bect for weive of me be the slyou sapned thelke hy mue hers flow sio, gre bits bier nor thou hlchiene not to ward fave, my the an, anchour, sived, ald womddabe shin ignithit.
Howen my byOughpt, dan you waft.

KINA:
Thard hall, will
Or le all you requose'ill sute wwell ou of fer firsair hy's up tit she Juch: sca donk noth stimen afts youe I wave ow mays your you,
Astly of man,
PETWYouth, to chy tank ond in hold my ther Thy ond may well If unger grou ther it you thit hea: suser we d?

And I said lif a
Thee the he laide nyou pnot wy thee?

Pongree! will knonded.
You thar my mussioo shevent? I ald you courd
For made ISTARTTIA:
That kno gand.
My LUKINA:
Nay,
Sery a letink lasn with beat lel; will
Benterice bUCENA:
And me. Be
LUCINARINTIO:
my ung rems but go:
by a nove fher myfe of a than you awe be, he hor.

HATEY:
I rel.

KINSIO:
Trets If the and ti is wimen twifle and of it ket Ll the; this you but ingo, shis reed, in novoou so thand shir, a me, of imbl may, have brapcan st dre noth, what his ye sulest to in her shence: thely Bor sto the made reet
THATINCA:
Aft of tu to you dome les, Pyonds what dend youbl
I
SLif then; feve not far Nue. I boon, then andese sby with, you, go, belden do whin, nou you rixet crusity.

TLA
You.

BBANY this feuce,
And sGAs now, mapbech is of veve sies therouivingegnike wo ther me wheldo you her earr lefd, neghio she by me.

Andy mavandlI:
And your sustle: deat hou.
Thy goir ner form revau woll you of re well a the we yeKomag anat Ktor; adeecklectlelt benVy nall sot'; move mor me
Gry on you my so this
Anay; Bant seastis duno wit, sisalaid nou mese shaly: is your bars.

HORTHARIO: mung fate well leve chenas, felvol soncenceify une sink mand you sh this; a mid, wife fackerid hat my cen getise, snly; fras bestraw I than; tubel's you her and eddall bell hest ha
Whordr yow be sit;
Thare mapriore, da siss, tull will t gore yeld love To Putrung it all For wome?

GA:
For in I nl ave will hance sult I'll thipt be rher in thit an ba lit rer leave.

Loven bess lectist allest frovee is ube min sirew.

PETRINIO:
By with det
Why her whung onld thout fo seedeso, ndo,
Anoly whiffir.

Nivesiesant of haguinglve. I bemeavemors, spme,
I rith, sid a as.

Army;
Gough sigseate:
Serscall
That my berige;
And yey, thon be bce lit him aldae is not one;
Her mick, do thon will reenmave
Whath for be be habe yo.

GRANA:
I Fach misser notuintmes
he you sighcoucie;
Ouctie shad with bed'le.
me: lear no my homak! sht wich fill s haiftly him'? Sill I lef and jyous pers twisther; ame my hel And
What my is, the,
And by ninsce.

Pear knang mais knoth iwn noth I drides letlau; For.
Whre such, ve? Reld me's pay, he, knots: dey heren, chelle thowme, freand, whrinn the kneaph shustirs choth welhink me; man fer, thSityled fold su pevely nold, stithe let:
Thath sus: that chet I her sink age it mel?

HATBA:
O:
Boke will love cour ify had  wirger, pes hefe sma faise;
But to rints the the norseado.
Sir, pare of wevisetter! most be ftre wrectel,

KAMANA:
I hand nimest Thet forse miolds
I my thealeindesia, ther, maise erseo be trund thet you frio, on: sind
Sur'
ceee ha prunt, if Ponothe rimp forses bestleaser denslaw oncira tno's be fore cauldep the
Swill swen nif thim is,
Yend lenstedis you, mustet fall I way tu ovisel, thy, wat KafSe:
I I rove;
You tistill'll of what aldse manifighvist, yough cielt.

KIS: Uaftall geve: nand sove. 
Go teffee is and to ip cebleoves in, an ples, ast thuver maig will his there of benchausel you you frircer inio douin dis, that: s semen for well knou stand clatimbe then fortir, wcengo, chow quincy fuldels indo couodereind and men Pand, has the mon mounk, le rowlS:
Fy necud noto a 'sto? hou sheltuchist duatt her woilews fill.

TRABY
rent memmusts.
I And fell wiegch
Mentroy.

NA:
And, wor maunchims ank tupt be nis,
Thboune; plis inderior sly her 'I stsit do pier fittry thare'lo; well me grents gruseremma deter nepner a meser, ange beaw you any spsho
all you buties or heay, not his me mayn suched bondo'll, theny he her her of if but meld sith the sa ing I'll, thond siit for men Shall ill as Pednecee su,
My is recall in a mely fay.

KARA:
I dat steapir she an shall offor Hommerio, suing,
I wece stre, Coth my: so geave this, schothe,
And gistrom, thould,
By arst cry, they, peas silf thily, eve fou,
Aind and ther, me:
Avel hat no beend for fair, you cirou knot hely, to by cie of ace a sage my ware! Tou vear bow nair, et.
Thiold shed. 
HORTENCA:
Shim there.

BTGETENCHINVINA:
You we rer bou she lonce! fis to her, sif, sler we he b, you I befntA:LY By ther to be thensulord allenaur his all you, lay scome vomiy his whunk a befor by leld be gread hearest ver her sir ramde, le
thou fatherswean lel, her merewelfts?

ATRA:
Noi, Camance and thou of minn I; hafne, know well sulde aff I hy steet, my esems wors if of ve, batis there crueser sthave.

BUCKTA:
I will whe as do tont wron, mabonke thill taice wtrec shit may it for If ord, gaid weroun he ongat thijure's not a af, ald vele canive, hee me me at wo hange! seed yeved sis beETIO:
Maver hese;
Whut bleforthy andy your yee my you thou cry; her you lor neldidzer thaves redion I matuo, And my sety her ther's a but go cience
Pedutaighs mpiny I refep not letty Sir t': prend anlestlest ben'nd I dond bend ther you her king is O,
Wta ot; chincelfs, no sa paor Tilf gle's hall thenm.

ABITIY:
Sinl to me reem me udink saistereave aing fath wel whick do ther themeak.

Who feeconohe shou couselor the stelessester thew foose offeturcond thimmay thusn. I I me, 'let, I knocts he this fat he of ismis aly
All 'trio whell I or Thlrom mith, me thate robeen I menwell.

GRARATHINA:
S-Paly and briskins!

TRAIO:
And MINA:
Fel, bestemt witn, sit Gand thes. the he't this her gos se geed
Recto, sir well felll ounby youe his caroce,'dent ist gead

#################
    EPOCHS = 1
    BATCH_SIZE = 64 # 64 # B
    CONTEXT_LEN = 8 # 256 # aka BLOCK_SIZE, T
    LR = 0.003
    N_EMBD = 32 #384 # C-emb
    VOCAB_SIZE = 65 # C-base-bigram
    EVAL_ITERS = 200
    EVAL_INTERVAL = 500
    DROPOUT = 0.2
    N_HEADS = 4
    N_LAYERS = 1
